Continue 137 (technical changes) (#141)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

The `filter-selector` works with arrays and objects exclusively. Its result might be a list of *zero*, *one*, *multiple* or *all* of their element or member values then. Applied to other value types, it will select nothing.

> Negation operator `neg-op` allows to test *falsiness* of values.

Reviewer: So what about:

Negation operator `neg-op` allows to test for implicit boolean conversion of values resulting in `false`.

Reviewer 2: > Negation operator `neg-op` allows to test *falsiness* of values.

The English is rather stilted, so please can we tidy it up as part of this PR?

I'd suggest something like:
```suggestion
Negation operator `neg-op` of a non-boolean value implicitly converts the value to boolean and then negates the result.
```

| Type    | Negation          | Result   | Comment        |
| :----:  | :---------:       | :------: | :-------:      |

> | Number  | `!0`              | `false`  | always `false` |

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth adding a row for `!1` to hammer home the rules?

Author: Good idea.  !1 and !"a" like in the other rows with multiple values.

Reviewer: yes .. good catch.

| String  | `!""`<br>`!''`    | `false`  | always `false` |
| `null`  | `!null`           | `true`   | —              |
| `true`  | `!true`           | `false`  | —              |
| `false` | `!false`          | `true`   | —              |
| Object  | `!{}`<br>`!{a:0}` | `false`  | always `false` |
| Array   | `![]`<br>`![0]`   | `false`  | always `false` |
{: title="Test falsiness of JSON values" }

> Applying negation operator twice `!!` gives us *truthiness* of values.

Reviewer: In the same way:

Applying negation operator twice `!!`  allows to test for implicit boolean conversion of values resulting in `true`.

Reviewer 2: Applying a similar rewording to above gives us:
```suggestion
Negation operator `neg-op` applied twice to a non-boolean value implicitly converts the value to boolean.
```

I find the terms "falsiness" and "truthiness" to be fairly opaque. If we are going to use them, we'll need to define them properly. But unless they add value for some readers, we could drop them as per my suggested rewordings.
